Data Set Description  In this assessment, you will be working with One Day International (ODI)  match results  and ball-by-ball  innings data. These data were sourced from  cricsheet.org  and include ball-by-ball summaries of ODIs  from 2006-present for men and 2009-present, for women. 
Both data sets are in JSON format, which have been compiled from the source YAML files on cricsheet.  A full description of the source data structure and definition of variables is available  here  . 


Question 0.  We don’t expect you to have any cricket  knowledge and that is not a requirement to ace this  assessment. But we understand that familiarity with cricket may vary from one candidate to the next so  we would like to know how you would rate your knowledge of cricket from 1 to 5, where 1 is basically no  knowledge (like you had never seen or read anything about the sport until the days before this  assessment) and 5 is highly knowledgeable (you watch matches regularly and have a jersey for the  Rajasthan Royals in your closet, for example). 

Question 1.  Develop a batch data ingest process to  load the ODI match results and ball-by-ball innings  data to a database of your choosing (as a default, you can use SQLite). The solution should include a step  that downloads files directly from cricsheet.org and performs any required preprocessing. The database  schema should store match results and ball-by-ball innings data along with the universe of players that  appear across all matches. The process should be runnable from the command line, inclusive of creating  any dependencies (e.g. local file directories, the database, etc.). Please include a README.md file with  instructions on how to build and run the ingest process to reproduce your results. 

Question 2.  Using the database populated in Question  1, develop queries to answer the questions below.  Please include the queries as .sql files with your code submission.  a.  The win records (percentage win and total wins) for each team by year and gender, excluding ties,  matches with no result, and matches decided by the DLS method in the event that, for whatever  reason, the planned innings can’t be completed.  b.  Which male and female teams had the highest win percentages in 2019?  c.  Which players had the highest strike rate as batsmen in 2019? (Note to receive full credit, you  need to account for handling extras properly.) 

Question 3.  Please provide a brief written answer  to the following question. The coding assessment  focused on a batch backfilling use case. If the use case was extended to required incrementally loading  new match data on a go-forward basis, how would your solution change? 